[Music]
you are about to become the biggest
brand in racing movie deals infomercials
product endorsements - ciao
you think you're famous now you'll be
rich beyond belief mr. Serling what is
this about your legacy every time you
lose you damage yourself
I'm sorry your racing days are coming to
an end
we can only hope that this race today
wasn't his last I decide when I'm done
how're you feeling I can't go out on the
track and do the same old thing it won't
work it's futile there was this change
man you know what I do what I don't know
I got nothing I am so excited to train
you I like a challenge
uh-huh I call you my senior project the
beach ate me Jackson storm set a new
record today when he pulled off the
fastest lap at ever recorded
how you feeling the latest record stone
this is my last chance Cruz last if I
lose I never get to do this again don't
fear failure be afraid of not having the
chance you have the chicken ace to watch
you on TV flying through the air you
seemed so fearless it was shown you what
that felt like
[Music]
you'll never be as fast to store but you
can be smarter than him
the racing is the reward at the stop
[Music]
our ninety-five point two percent
way
[Music]
you will never be the racer you once
were accept it I decide when I'm done
Jackson storm is part of the next
generation of high tech racers for the
rookie sensation
you'll never be as fast but you can be
smarter you need my help mr. McQueen
I'm coming for you storm
[Applause]
[Music]
2% lower drag coefficient
five percent increase downforce
1.0% higher top speed
[Music]
get ready for what's coming
speed more horsepower
more of everything
[Applause]
[Music]
you'll never be the racer you once were
[Applause]
you can't turn back the clock kid you
can wind it up again
[Music]
[Applause]